# OIBSIP
 This is Siyanda Cele's OIBSIP (Online Internship Projects) repository! 
 This repository contains the projects completed during my JAVA internship at Oasis Info Byte.

#project 1 description and task:
NUMBER GUESSING GAME
"The fun and easy project "Guess the Number" is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:
1. The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.
2. The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
3. The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
4. The game continues under the user guessing the number.
You can also incorporate further details as:
Limiting the number of attempts.
Adding more rounds.
Displaying score.
Giving points based on the number of attempts"

- All listed functionalities for this task have been met.
- The project has a GUI and requires the JavaFX to be properly installed in order to run as intended.

#project 2 description and task:
"﻿ATM INTERFACE
We have all come across ATMs in our cities and it is built on Java. This complex project consists of five different classes and is a console-based application.
When the system starts the user is prompted with user id and user pin.
On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities are unlocked. The project allows to perform following operations:
1. Transactions History
2. Withdraw
3. Deposit
4. Transfer
5. Quit"

-All listed functionalities for this task have been met and exceeded, as an extra functionality for checking the balance has been added.
-The interface assumes that the user is already registered with a bank(as would an actual ATM/Bank):
   > Please see "userAccounts" textfile to get a user's login details in order to conduct a test.
   > I suggest copying the file onto a seperate location, performing the transactions(deposit, withdraw, transfer) and compare the copy of the original file wiith the file in the project(this file will be updated).

#project 3 description and task:
"ONLINE EXAMINATION
The project should be capable of the following functionalities:
	1. Login
	2. Update Profile and Password
	3. Selecting answers for MCQs.
	4. Timer and auto Submit.
 5. Closing session and Logout"

 -All listed functionalities for this task have been met and exceeded, as it features extra "usability" functions like user registration, reporting, celebratory animations,
 and other extra GUI features.
 - The project uses JavaFX & SceneBuilder and will there require the presence and proper setup of the JavaFX library on your IDE.


   

